c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.dll.config
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.pdb
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.BL.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DTO.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DATA.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.BL.pdb
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DTO.pdb
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DATA.pdb
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\obj\Debug\API_REST.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\obj\Debug\API_REST.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\obj\Debug\API_REST.pdb
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\agibiz\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.dll.config
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.pdb
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.BL.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DTO.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DATA.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.BL.pdb
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DTO.pdb
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\bin\API_REST.DATA.pdb
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\obj\Debug\API_REST.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\obj\Debug\API_REST.dll
C:\Users\agibiz\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PRUEBAS\API_REST\obj\Debug\API_REST.pdb
